Update descriptions of metrics according to the test results (#1216)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/monitoring/metrics/reference.adoc

|<prefix>.check_point.events|The total number of checkpoint events executed so far. (counter)
|<prefix>.check_point.total_time|The total time, in milliseconds, spent in checkpointing so far. (counter)
|<prefix>.check_point.duration|The duration, in milliseconds, of the last checkpoint event. Checkpoints should generally take several seconds to several minutes. Long checkpoints can be an issue, as these are invoked when the database stops, when a hot backup is taken, and periodically as well. Values over `30` minutes or so should be cause for some investigation. (gauge)
|<prefix>.check_point.flushed_bytes|label:new[Introduced in 5.10]The accumulated number of bytes flushed during all checkpoint events combined. (counter)
|<prefix>.check_point.limit_millis|Number of millisecond checkpoint was paused by io limiter. (gauge)
|<prefix>.check_point.limit_times|Number of times checkpoint was paused by io limiter. (gauge)

> |<prefix>.check_point.pages_flushed|The number of pages that were flushed during all checkpoint events. (counter)

Author: ```suggestion
|<prefix>.check_point.pages_flushed|The number of pages that were flushed during the last checkpoint event. (gauge)
```

|<prefix>.check_point.events|The total number of checkpoint events executed so far. (counter)
|<prefix>.check_point.total_time|The total time, in milliseconds, spent in checkpointing so far. (counter)
|<prefix>.check_point.duration|The duration, in milliseconds, of the last checkpoint event. Checkpoints should generally take several seconds to several minutes. Long checkpoints can be an issue, as these are invoked when the database stops, when a hot backup is taken, and periodically as well. Values over `30` minutes or so should be cause for some investigation. (gauge)

> |<prefix>.check_point.flushed_bytes|label:new[Introduced in 5.10]The accumulated number of bytes flushed during the last checkpoint event. (gauge)

Reviewer: So its accumulated because thats like for all checkpoints combined and not the only one.
Plus its gauge as i can see in the code

Author: good, so if the docs are correct, then we have to update the code

> |<prefix>.check_point.flushed_bytes|label:new[Introduced in 5.10]The total number of bytes flushed by checkpoint. (counter)

Author: ```suggestion
|<prefix>.check_point.flushed_bytes|label:new[Introduced in 5.10]The accumulated number of bytes flushed during the last checkpoint event. (gauge)
```

> |<prefix>.check_point.flushed_bytes|label:new[Introduced in 5.10]The accumulated number of bytes flushed during the last checkpoint event. (gauge)

Reviewer: during the last checkpoint event. - so this is wrong, this counter is for all checkpoints combined not the last one only.
